plugin: Introduce protocol and terraform-plugin-mux documentation (#2181)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/plugin/how-terraform-works.mdx

Protocol version 6 is compatible with Terraform CLI version 1.0 and later. Protocol version 6 includes all version 5 functionality for providers, plus:

* **Nested Attributes**: You can define `SchemaAttribute` with the `NestedType` field. This enables complex schemas using [argument syntax](/language/syntax/configuration#arguments) instead of [block syntax](/language/syntax/configuration#blocks) and is preferred going forward.

Implementations include:

* [terraform-plugin-framework](./framework): A higher-level SDK that makes Terraform provider development easier by abstracting implementation details.
* [terraform-plugin-go tf6server](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-go/tfprotov6/tf6server): A lower-level SDK to develop Terraform providers for more advanced use cases.
* [tf5to6server](./mux/translating-protocol-version-5-to-6): A package to translate protocol version 5 providers into protocol version 6.
* [tf6muxserver](./mux/combining-protocol-version-6-providers): A package to combine multiple protocol version 6 providers.

### Protocol Version 5

Protocol version 5 is compatible with Terraform CLI version 0.12 and later.

Implementations include:

> * [terraform-plugin-sdk/v2](./sdkv2/sdkv2-intro): Develop Terraform Providers with a higher level SDK.

Author: Aye, yes they should. Sorry about that.

```suggestion
* [terraform-plugin-sdk/v2](./sdkv2/sdkv2-intro): A higher-level SDK that makes Terraform provider development easier by abstracting implementation details.
```
